doc: add funding goals (#1678)
nodejs/TSC: Nodejs-Funding-Sources.md

The funds are to be used for specific efforts as decided by the TSC and
documented on this page.

## Funding Goals

The main funding goals for the project include:
* Security Lead

> * CI stability improvments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* CI stability improvements
```

* Project health and collaboration

These goals are as documented in the sections which follow and will
be documented in GitHub sponsors and Open Colletive pages.

### Security Lead

> **Target:** 300,000 US

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Target:** 300,000 USD
```

**Description:** For the past two years the OSSF has funded a security
lead. This has enabled the project to improve its turn around time for fixing
vulnerabilities, delivering security releases, making the security release

> process more efficient through automation and reinvigoratnge the project's

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
process more efficient through automation and reinvigorate the project's
```

> security team.  The reinvigorated security team has mad progress by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
security team.  This renewed security team has made progress by
```

defining the threat model for Node.js, tracking progress against the
OpenSSF scorecard, and more.

The urgency and fixed deadlines that are often associated with security issues

> are a poor fit for volunteers. Having a security resource whoes job it is to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are a poor fit for volunteers. Having a security resource whose job is to
```

work on these issues not only results in faster resolution of security issues,

> but it also avoids burn out of volunteers who might try to squeeze in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but it also avoids the burnout of volunteers who might try to squeeze in
```

urgent issues along with their regular job.

### CI stability improvments

> **Target:** 60,000 US

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Target:** 60,000 USD
```

**Description:** Progress of the project has been impacted by flaky tests over
a number of years, making it the top pain point for the project contributors.
The project needs a dedicated resource who will:
* lead a test reliability strategic initiative, rallying and supporting
  contributors who work to reduce flaky tests. This might include running
  regular test team meetings, documentation, tools, or whatever strategy
  works to achieve more than they can do on their own
* build tools and improve automation that allows
  the project to effectively manage flaky tests to reduce their impact on the CI
* Investigate and fix existing tests being marked as flaky in the status files

### Project health and collaboration

> **Target:** 20,000US

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Target:** 20,000 USD
```

**Description:** Funds to be used to support general project health

> and collaboration.

Reviewer 2: can we have an example for this kind?

Author: This came from the discussion at the summit, what I think people had in mind was supporting things the like the collaborator summit, DEI training, etc. But I wanted to level it more general as for those we currently have funding from the OpenJS foundation.
